my work on a typical day starts with coming in in the morning. Put in
my uniform or opening up my computer, checking to see the emails, uh,
checking my emails. And then that's when I start to walk. The PNA's
going to my different departments, finding out what the plan of the
day for them is, what they have on their agenda, what needs to get
accomplished. And I do that for all of my departments. And then after
that, I circled back to my office, put everything on a note pad after
I go through emails a second time. Um and then it's time to start
my meeting with my commanding officer and my executive officer. After
I let them know, let the triad know what the sailors have on their
agenda. The meeting is adjourned. I come back to my office and then
I just start executing the plan of the day. Um, making sure that
my sailors were taken care of, um, that I am taking care of going through
emails, uh, answering questions, answering questions from, um
you know, others, uh, outside of the command